Standardizing and enhancing Database connector documentation (#610)
spiceai/docs: spiceaidocs/docs/components/data-connectors/postgres/index.md

description: 'PostgreSQL Data Connector Documentation'
---

PostgreSQL is an advanced open-source relational database management system known for its robustness, extensibility, and support for SQL compliance.

> The PostgreSQL Server Data Connector enables federated SQL queries on data stored in PostgreSQL databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PostgreSQL Server Data Connector enables federated/accelerated SQL queries on data stored in PostgreSQL databases.
```

:::warning[Limitations]

> The Postgres federated queries may result in unexpected result types due to the difference in DataFusion and Postgres size increase rules. Please explicitly specify the expected output type of aggregation functions when writing query involving Postgres table in Spice. For example, rewrite `SUM(int_col)` into `CAST (SUM(int_col) as BIGINT`.

Reviewer: This doesn't feel important enough to be a warning at the top of the docs page. Its more like a hint on how to use postgres effectively in Spice, I would mark it as info and move it down the page.

Author: Moved it to the `Types` section as an info

:::

## Configuration

### `from`

> The `from` field takes the form `postgres:my_table` where `my_table` is the table name in the SQL server to read from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `from` field takes the form `postgres:my_table` where `my_table` is the table identifer in the PostgreSQL server to read from.
```

We should also document that we can select from `database.schema.table`

Author: Fixed!
